BD-1633: Clarify list-unsubscribe availability depends on ESP (#4164)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/administrative/app_settings/manage_app_group/email_settings.md

Some recipients prefer to have an unsubscribe link available in the same place for all emails, rather than having to find links in each mailing. When enabled, this feature puts a prominent unsubscribe link in the header of the email client, making it easier to unsubscribe and therefore less likely that customers will mark your email as Spam. This has a significant impact on your reputation and deliverability as an email sender.

#### Availability

> Currently, only Windows Live Hotmail and Gmail support the list-unsubscribe header. This feature may not be available from your ESP if you haven't completed [IP warming]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/onboarding_with_braze/email_setup/ip_warming/) yet, or if you are a new sender. This is because providers like Gmail won't include the unsubscribe option if they can't trust that you'll actually unsubscribe the user.

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, only Windows Live Hotmail and Gmail support the list-unsubscribe header. Additionally, these ESPs may still choose not to provide you with this feature if you haven't completed [IP warming]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/onboarding_with_braze/email_setup/ip_warming/) yet, or if you are a new sender. This is because providers like Gmail won't include the unsubscribe option if they can't trust that you'll actually unsubscribe the user.
```
